a big star most entertaining actor film
female Kelly and the nominees are alia
Bhatt to stay Maurice a deity boontem
see Orion hey what do ya may I be Bucky
kangana ranaut quedes okay listen which
can do thank you little brats tell you
how Kelly Eiffel Tower thank you avium
priyanka chopra Mariko say cancer app
name a new catcher Tim ananya up a dekko
chutima khana kha kha gotta shut up a
suit get the game back of this service
for section 352 rani mukerji Madonna
public servant from discharge of beauty
LTC colossi cry I come true dockable big
villain home Dead Sea or third Tom Sager
Donaghy with her deepika padukone happy
new year oh you CPR t.h.a.t he special
treatment a kissy kabacan casa prana
utha keeper d hooker top keep are denser
Pony big star most entertaining actor
female is my sweetheart priyanka chopra
she is so brilliant in marathon
readymade a marathon
sivaji subsea belly-up qatari up Kapena
actually shy as mac tournament this era
has changed my life and so far she took
a chance on me but tonight I want to
just say a few words it's amazing to get
this award but honestly and I really
really want to say this from the bottom
of my heart there was so many so many
incredible female performances this year
that I think this year belongs to the
ladies and some of them are here today
um but this is a path-breaking I think
the fact that women are taking on paths
which have films which are carried on
their own shoulders and I think they're
blazing the way for the future
generation of actresses and and I feel
proud to be a part of that so thank you
among again my team for coming up with
this and thank you to all those ladies I
think who gave me and other actresses
the courage to go and do films like this
Kangana alia tabu so many of you over
here Ronnie amazing amazing performances
so this one is for the ladies thank you
now